No serious documentation for sidebar version yet. See main branch for existing documentation, *most* of which is still valid. 

New features include:
* Addition of sidebar and sidebar items, which can be individually collapsed or the entire sidebar can be collapsed.
* Boxes and sidebar items are the same HTML content and can easily be converted from one to the other.
* The third argument for createBox or createSidebarItem is the icon character. The icons use the [`codicon` font](https://microsoft.github.io/vscode-codicons/dist/codicon.html). Normal usage would be to supply one icon as the window's icon, e.g. `&#xea79` for the beaker. The codes for each icon are listed on one of the embedded stylesheets the game uses. If no content is provided for this argument, the info icon is used.
* Context menu added when clicking titlebar of a box or sidebar item with anything other than main mouse button. Allows switching the item between box/sidebar item, changing position on the sidebar, etc. New functions can easily be added to the context menu - see timekeeper.js for an example where "Toggle Numbers" is added as an extra context option.
* There is a basegame bug where the monaco code editor will grow if it is given additional space, but it will never shrink itself (try collapsing and expanding the left sidebar, or growing and shrinking the window). The bug was a lot more apparent with a right sidebar added, so I added a workaround to the sidebar collapse/expand event to force the editor to recalculate the correct width. All other content fully respects the space taken by the sidebar.